release-notes.txt: add 2021.01 release notes (#15913)
RIOT-OS/RIOT: release-notes.txt

RIOT-2021.01 - Release Notes
============================
RIOT is a multi-threading operating system which enables soft real-time
capabilities and comes with support for a range of devices that are typically
found in the Internet of Things: 8-bit and 16-bit microcontrollers as well as
light-weight 32-bit processors.

RIOT is based on the following design principles: energy-efficiency, soft
real-time capabilities, small memory footprint, modularity, and uniform API
access, independent of the underlying hardware (with partial POSIX compliance).

RIOT is developed by an international open-source community which is
independent of specific vendors (e.g. similarly to the Linux community) and is
licensed with a non-viral copyleft license (LGPLv2.1), which allows indirect
business models around the free open-source software platform provided by RIOT.

About this release:

> ===================

Reviewer: On community aspects, is it worth noting, that during this release cycle we started migrating from a mailing list based communication to forum-based communication?

Author: yes, I think it's worth it

Author: done! 5696b545a96df1a7bee9ef11ad8eca9713a16ecd

Author: done! b11948ec0a3af96cf97ec341b892b725533593d6

I also added the forum next to IRC and Matrix

 - Capability to join or leave link layer multicast groups (GNRC)
 - Support for IN865 region in GNRC LoRaWAN
 - 83 additional modules supported by Kconfig
 - 14 new boards, 6 new device drivers, 8 packages updated

[UPDATE!!!]
532 pull requests, composed of 1439 commits, have been merged since the
last release, and 65 issues have been solved. XXX people contributed with
code in 114 days. 3852 files have been touched with 348615 (+) insertions and
52513 deletions (-).

Notations used below:
=====================

    + means new feature/item
    * means modified feature/item
    - means removed feature/item

New features and changes
========================

Core
----
+ msg_bus: allow to differ between messages form bus and from thread
+ mutex: Add mutex_cancel
+ mbox: add mbox_size(), mbox_avail()
* mutex: compatibility with non-C languages
* refactor thread info 
- remove kernel_types.h

System Libraries
----------------
+ Add thread-safe Malloc
+ sys/tsrb: Make thread-safe
+ mtd_mapper: implement pagewise functions
+ xtimer: introduce xtimer_msleep()
+ usbus: Add USB peripheral serial string support
+ hashes: Add PBKDF2-sha256 implementation

> + usbus/dfu: add Device Firmware Upgrade support for USBUS

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ usbus/dfu: add Device Firmware Upgrade support for USBUS
+ USB HID minimal implementation
```

Author: this was indeed added, but in Device Drivers. The original PR had the "Area: drivers" tag (see https://github.com/RIOT-OS/RIOT/pull/14629). I will keep this one then

Author: check 02dd998decdcb84a1f003f29d1d3cd8c982bfef5

+ Add helpers for pointer tagging
+ atomic_utils: Functions for atomic access
+ entropy_source: add new module for entropy sources
+ nimble_autoadv: add new module
* ztimer:
    + add ztimer_mutex_lock_timeout()
    * fix xtimer_compat
    * increase xtimer_compat coverage
* oneway-malloc: check calloc args
* event: Allow single event_thread handling all queues
- irq_handler: Drop module

Networking

> ----------

Reviewer: https://github.com/RIOT-OS/RIOT/pull/15212 and https://github.com/RIOT-OS/RIOT/pull/15342 should be mentioned here as well (they could be summarized to one point `* gnrc_pkt: refactor to not use utlist.h`

Author: 8f2912fc2559f969fb8758e5ae1006cc1da2370a

+ gnrc_netif: add capability to join or leave link layer multicast groups
+ gnrc_sixlowpan_frag:
    + initial import of minimal forwarding

>     + initial import of Selective Fragment Recovery

Author: ok! thanks :)

>     + initial import of Selective Fragment Recovery

Author: fe84c8f97b763e37d0a0e8ab72d44945b9516422

+ gnrc_netif_ethernet: Support RX timestamp
+ Initial implementation of IEEE 802.15.4 security
* sys/net/gnrc: fix in-band signaling of no RSSI

> * gnrc_netif_pkq: fix pktbuf leak

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* gnrc_netif_pktq: fix pktbuf leak
```

Author: 8f2912fc2559f969fb8758e5ae1006cc1da2370a

* Fixed a critical bug, allowing to crash the whole system with a specially
  crafted LoRa frame
* GNRC LoRaWAN:
    + Support for IN865 region, Improve debugging
    * GNRC LoRaWAN: Bug fix for zero CFList
* IEEE 802154 Radio HAL:
    + add `read` function
    + add IEEE802154_RADIO_INDICATION_CRC_ERROR
    + add IEEE802154_RADIO_INDICATION_TX_START
    + add helpers for RSSI and dBm conversion
    * fix wrong rssi conversions treewide
* IEEE 802.15.4 SubMAC:
    + add retransmission reporting
    * enable ACK_REQ by default
    * unify legacy and radio HAL bootstrap

> * Gcoap: 

Reviewer 3: Through the documentation it is always spelled lowercase http://doc.riot-os.org/group__net__gcoap.html

> * Gcoap: 

Reviewer: Ok.

    + Process CON responses
    * make blocksize configurable
- gcoap: remove deprecated gcoap_add_qstring
- gnrc_nettype: remove GNRC_NETTYPE_IOVEC
- gnrc_pktbuf: drop gnrc_pktbuf_replace_snip() 
- gnrc_sixlowpan_rb: remove GNRC_SIXLOWPAN_FRAG_RBUF_AGGRESSIVE_OVERRIDE

> - sock/dtls: remove sock_dtls_session_create due to deprecation

Author: (I fixed all trailing spaces in a follow up commit ;)

> - sock/dtls: remove sock_dtls_session_create due to deprecation

Reviewer: > is [8f2912f](https://github.com/RIOT-OS/RIOT/commit/8f2912fc2559f969fb8758e5ae1006cc1da2370a) ok?

8f2912fc2559f969fb8758e5ae1006cc1da2370a does not remove the duplicate remove notes here, if I am not mistaken.

> - sock/dtls: remove sock_dtls_session_create due to deprecation

Reviewer: Yepp, [still there](https://github.com/RIOT-OS/RIOT/pull/15913/files#diff-f41b6887f65b706736aec3e6716bce4844a2aa169cba5e675c630f10b4fdbcecR116-R120) and still not summarized with the point `- Remove deprecated features`. In case my comment was unclear, IFF you want to keep the duplicates here, please apply the following suggestion:

```suggestion
- Remove deprecated features
  - gcoap: remove deprecated gcoap_add_qstring
  - gnrc_nettype: remove GNRC_NETTYPE_IOVEC
  - gnrc_pktbuf: drop gnrc_pktbuf_replace_snip() 
  - gnrc_sixlowpan_rb: remove GNRC_SIXLOWPAN_FRAG_RBUF_AGGRESSIVE_OVERRIDE
  - sock/dtls: remove sock_dtls_session_create due to deprecation
```

> - sock/dtls: remove sock_dtls_session_create due to deprecation

Reviewer: Gnarf, due to this being outdated, the suggestion can't be commited. I add another comment to the new position.

> - sock/dtls: remove sock_dtls_session_create due to deprecation

Reviewer: >  add another comment to the new position.

https://github.com/RIOT-OS/RIOT/pull/15913/files#r568871192

> - sock/dtls: remove sock_dtls_session_create due to deprecation

Author: What I did there was only group them in the Deprecated section. Sure, I can also group them here.
I think it won't hurt to have them duplicated, since they reflect on one side changes in the codebase and on the other side deprecated modules.

> - sock/dtls: remove sock_dtls_session_create due to deprecation

Author: done! thanks

> - sock/dtls: remove sock_dtls_session_create due to deprecation

Author: can I mark it as resolved?

> - sock/dtls: remove sock_dtls_session_create due to deprecation

Reviewer: Yepp

+ saul_pwm: auto-init'able RGB LEDs and dimmers
+ native: allow to use ZEP instead of tap
+ ikea-tradfri: add SPI NOR Flash configuration
- slwstk6220a: remove support

CPU
---
+ Cortex-M33: add initial support
+ nrf5x: implement periph_timer_periodic
+ nrf52: Add i2c reconfigure feature
+ SAMD10: Add support
+ stm32l5: add initial support
+ stm32mp1: Add initial support
+ QN908x: Add initial support 
* atmega_common: Split into atmega_common and avr8_common
* Improve clock configuration
* stm32:
    * rtc: add unlock/lock to rtc_clear_alarm
    * uart: set flow control bits before enabling uart
    * cpu/stm32: enable overdrive mode on f4 and f7 for high clock speeds
    * cpu/stm32: Fix & cleanup periph_eth
* esp:
    + implement ESP WiFi SoftAP mode
    * Fix cast alignment issues
* sam3/periph_timer: fix trigger of cleared timer
* native:
    + rtc: add rtc_set_time implementation
    * fix memory leak
    - remove unused can_linux module
* cc2538:
    + add riotboot feature
    + add flashpage & flashpage_raw
    + add periph_uart_nonblocking
* efm32:
    + add coretemp driver
    + add watchdog peripheral
* sam0_common:

>     + flashpage: add functions to write to user config area / AUX page

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    + cpu/sam0: add initial ethernet support
    + flashpage: add functions to write to user config area / AUX page
```

Author: 9de53a116e05ef7841d2864f2615fc16542497d6

* update board porting documentation page

Build System / Tooling
----------------------
+ testbed-support: add iotlab mapping for dwm1001
+ Add support for Github annotations.
+ info.inc.mk: Add info-build-json as JSON-formatted build info
+ makefiles/utils: add util to compare to software versions
+ emulator: add debug feature with qemu emulator
* Makefile.include: avoid recursive expansion of USEMODULE
* Github Actions: static-test: use base reference as base branch instead of master
+ makefiles/pseudomodules.inc.mk: netdev_ieee802154_legacy is a pseudomodule
* gh-actions/release-test: bump ssh-agent to v0.4.1
* dist/tools/bmp: Fix flashing with pygdbmi 0.10.0
* drivers/at86rf215: fix dependency resolution for single radio
* cpu/esp*: fix linker scripts
* info-objsize: Restore info-objsize target
* make: run static_tests.sh directly with `static-tests` target 
* picolibc: model as a feature
* tools/esptool: add common makefile to define esptool variables
* dist/tools: Use bash instead of sh where needed
* tools/emulator: allow use with *term targets + introduce EMULATE=1 instead of emulate target
* mips: adapt for toolchain update (2020.06-01)

> * use Github actions for static tests instead of Travis

Reviewer: I think all the points regarding Github actions and static tests above should be summarized under this point.

```suggestion
* use Github actions for static tests instead of Travis
  + Add support for Github annotations.
  * Github Actions: static-test: use base reference as base branch instead of master
```

`* Github Actions: static-test: use base reference as base branch instead of master` is more of a fix to the migration that happened during this release cycle, so not sure if it is worth mentioning here. Note that `* make: run static_tests.sh directly with `static-tests` target ` is not included here, as it is a fix to the static tests script and not the Github Action itself.

Also, it seems odd to me that we don't have another section "Continuous Integration" for topics like this.

Author: I also thought about that yesterday while writing the release notes. Maybe we should add it at this point

Author: check 33e93cacddb31d3a61c08bbe3b6894cc93c7e85b and a2b2e91ca0026b629d20c647cb7f5908d4b2e36a

    * make blocksize configurable
- gcoap: remove deprecated gcoap_add_qstring
- gnrc_nettype: remove GNRC_NETTYPE_IOVEC
- gnrc_pktbuf: drop gnrc_pktbuf_replace_snip()
- gnrc_sixlowpan_rb: remove GNRC_SIXLOWPAN_FRAG_RBUF_AGGRESSIVE_OVERRIDE
- sock/dtls: remove sock_dtls_session_create due to deprecation

Packages
--------
+ openthread: add support for radios compatible with SubMAC
+ uwb_core: initial support
* Updates:
    * littlefs2: Bump to v2.3
    * jsmn: bump version
    * libb2: update to latest release
    * libhydrogen: bump version
    * micro-ecc: bump version
    * tinycrypt: bump version
    * fatfs: bump version to r0.14
    * gecko_sdk: update to v2.7.7
    * hacl: switch upstream to backup copy
    * lvgl: bump to v7.7.1
* openwsn:
    + add ieee802154_hal based radio
    + openwsn: add sock_udp
- nordic-softdevice: remove deprecated package

Boards
------
* Renode:
    + stm32f4discovery: Add initial renode support
    + firefly: add renode configuration
    + hifive*: add renode support
* Arduino feature:
    + waspmote-pro: add arduino feature
    + remote-revb: add arduino feature
+ New boards:
    + ESP32-Ethernet-Kit
    + arduino-nano-33-iot

>     + weact-f4x1cx

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    + weact-f401cc / weact-f401ce / weact-f411ce
```
might be more recognizable

Author: done! 2902039f8777cb08745e45e6f33afc3440bc6e08

    + e104-bt5011a-tb
    + e180-zg120b-tb
    + feather-m0-lora
    + nrf52840-mdk-dongle
    + nucleo-l011k4
    + nucleo-l552ze-q
    + frdm-kl43z
    + slstk3400a

>     + slwstk6220a

Reviewer 4: It was there before :wink:

Author: the `slwstk6220a`?

Author: b563ba7a0e1348d5c48b137cee570dadfcd3b818

Reviewer 4: yes that was the only one that got removed & re-added in this cycle.

Author: Ok, I remove it from here as well. Thanks!

Author: ```suggestion
```

Author: done!

    + stk3200
    + SAM D10 Xplained Mini
+ Particle boards: Support monofirmware builds and uploads
+ saul_pwm: auto-init'able RGB LEDs and dimmers
+ native: allow to use ZEP instead of tap
+ ikea-tradfri: add SPI NOR Flash configuration

> - slwstk6220a: remove support

Reviewer 4: That's not entirely true.
It's still there. The old board definition was removed and a new one based on the generic `cpu/efm32` was added - from a user perspective, nothing should change (although now more peripherals might be supported)

Author: ok, I got confused with those PRs. I will then remove this line.

Author: b563ba7a0e1348d5c48b137cee570dadfcd3b818

found in the Internet of Things: 8-bit and 16-bit microcontrollers as well as
light-weight 32-bit processors.

RIOT is based on the following design principles: energy-efficiency, soft
real-time capabilities, small memory footprint, modularity, and uniform API
access, independent of the underlying hardware (with partial POSIX compliance).

RIOT is developed by an international open-source community which is
independent of specific vendors (e.g. similarly to the Linux community) and is
licensed with a non-viral copyleft license (LGPLv2.1), which allows indirect
business models around the free open-source software platform provided by RIOT.

About this release:
===================

The 2021.01 release includes:
 - Device Firmware Upgrade support for USBUS
 - USB HID minimal implementation
 - IEEE 802.15.4 security initial implementation
 - 6LowPAN Minimal Forwarding and Selective Fragment Recovery initial
   implementation
 - Initial support for QN808x, SAMD10 STM32MP1 and STM32L5 CPUs
 - Initial support for Cortex-M33
 - A module for selecting entropy sources
 - Initial support for the Decawave Impulse Radio-Ultra Wideband (UWB Core)

>  - Capability to join or leave link layer multicast groups (GNRC)

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
 - Capatibility to join or leave link layer multicast groups (GNRC)
```

* picolibc: model as a feature
* tools/esptool: add common makefile to define esptool variables
* dist/tools: Use bash instead of sh where needed
* tools/emulator: allow use with *term targets + introduce EMULATE=1 instead of emulate target
* mips: adapt for toolchain update (2020.06-01)
- remove the bootloader_% pseudo-feature, replace it with highlevel_stdio

Continuous Integration
----------------------

* use Github actions for static tests instead of Travis
    + Add support for Github annotations.
* gh-actions/release-test: bump ssh-agent to v0.4.1

Testing
-------
+ tests/mpu_stack_guard: add automatic test script
+ tests/mtd_raw: add simple test for MTD
* treewide: cleanup ENABLE_DEBUG
* release-tests: fix artifact naming and steps cleanup for matrix build
* tests/sys_atomic_utils_unittests: spice up test
* tests/unittests: split out atomic_utils unittests
* sys/shell: terminate shell on Ctrl-D

Kconfig
-------
+ Modules with support added:
    + drivers/{a, b, c, d, e, f, g, h, i, j}*
    + drivers/ili9341
    + test/periph_*
+ cpu/stm32: add script to generate Kconfig.models and Kconfig.lines files
+ add modules to test on native
+ Clock configuration for:

>     + stm32l4

Reviewer 5: There are also L5 and WB here

Author: done!

    + stm32f0

>     + stm32gx

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
    + stm32g0g4
```

real-time capabilities, small memory footprint, modularity, and uniform API
access, independent of the underlying hardware (with partial POSIX compliance).

RIOT is developed by an international open-source community which is
independent of specific vendors (e.g. similarly to the Linux community) and is
licensed with a non-viral copyleft license (LGPLv2.1), which allows indirect
business models around the free open-source software platform provided by RIOT.

About this release:
===================

The 2021.01 release includes:
 - Device Firmware Upgrade support for USBUS
 - USB HID minimal implementation
 - IEEE 802.15.4 security initial implementation
 - 6LowPAN Minimal Forwarding and Selective Fragment Recovery initial
   implementation
 - Initial support for QN808x, SAMD10 STM32MP1 and STM32L5 CPUs
 - Initial support for Cortex-M33
 - A module for selecting entropy sources
 - Initial support for the Decawave Impulse Radio-Ultra Wideband (UWB Core)
 - Capability to join or leave link layer multicast groups (GNRC)
 - Support for IN865 region in GNRC LoRaWAN
 - 83 additional modules supported by Kconfig
 - 14 new boards, 6 new device drivers, 8 packages updated

> In order to improve community interaction, during this release cycle there was
> some work to migrate from a mailing list based communication to forum-based
> communication. We are proud to present the RIOT-OS forum available at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to improve community interaction, during this release cycle some work
was done work to migrate from a mailing-list-based communication to forum-based
communication. We are proud to present the RIOT-OS forum available at
```

Author: hmmm reading twice, I think it would maybe sound better like this:
```suggestion
In order to improve community interaction, during this release cycle there
were some efforts to migrate from a mailing list based communication to
forum-based communication. We are proud to present the RIOT-OS forum
available at
```

Reviewer: "there were some efforts" sounds like we tried a bit, but did not really progress any more than having the test platform running (so somewhat of an understatement)...

```suggestion
In order to improve community interaction, during this release cycle we
started to migrate from a mailing-list-based communication to
forum-based communication. We are proud to present the RIOT-OS forum
available at
```

Reviewer: (please fix line endings independent from this suggestion, some lines might be to short with this suggestion...)

Author: done (beded39ffbf465648d2867273684b09fe2e39b2a)

* event: Allow single event_thread handling all queues
- irq_handler: Drop module

Networking
----------
+ gnrc_netif: add capability to join or leave link layer multicast groups
+ gnrc_sixlowpan_frag:
    + initial import of Minimal Forwarding according to RFC 8930
    + initial import of Selective Fragment Recovery (RFC 8931)
+ gnrc_netif_ethernet: Support RX timestamp
+ Initial implementation of IEEE 802.15.4 security
* gnrc_pkt: refactor to not use utlist.h
* sys/net/gnrc: fix in-band signaling of no RSSI
* gnrc_netif_pktq: fix pktbuf leak
* Fixed a critical bug, allowing to crash the whole system with a specially
  crafted LoRa frame
* GNRC LoRaWAN:
    + Support for IN865 region, Improve debugging
    * GNRC LoRaWAN: Bug fix for zero CFList
* IEEE 802154 Radio HAL:
    + add `read` function
    + add IEEE802154_RADIO_INDICATION_CRC_ERROR
    + add IEEE802154_RADIO_INDICATION_TX_START
    + add helpers for RSSI and dBm conversion
    * fix wrong rssi conversions treewide
* IEEE 802.15.4 SubMAC:
    + add retransmission reporting
    * enable ACK_REQ by default
    * unify legacy and radio HAL bootstrap
* gcoap:
    + Process CON responses
    * make blocksize configurable

> - gcoap: remove deprecated gcoap_add_qstring
> - gnrc_nettype: remove GNRC_NETTYPE_IOVEC
> - gnrc_pktbuf: drop gnrc_pktbuf_replace_snip()
> - gnrc_sixlowpan_rb: remove GNRC_SIXLOWPAN_FRAG_RBUF_AGGRESSIVE_OVERRIDE
> - sock/dtls: remove sock_dtls_session_create due to deprecation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove deprecated features
  - gcoap: remove deprecated gcoap_add_qstring
  - gnrc_nettype: remove GNRC_NETTYPE_IOVEC
  - gnrc_pktbuf: drop gnrc_pktbuf_replace_snip() 
  - gnrc_sixlowpan_rb: remove GNRC_SIXLOWPAN_FRAG_RBUF_AGGRESSIVE_OVERRIDE
  - sock/dtls: remove sock_dtls_session_create due to deprecation
```

    * fix state transition and `off` function
    * nrf802154: default to netdev_ieee802154_submac
* cc2538_rf:
    * fix transmit function
    * default to netdev_ieee802154_submac
* at86rf2xx: fix null pointer check
* at86rf215:
    + add functions to configure trim & clock output at run-time
    + implement battery monitor, add power bus
    + implement MR-FSK
    * make use of packet queue if available
    * fix dependency resolution for 2.4 GHz
* w5100.c: correct the pointer position when w5100's buf is full
* srf04: fix overflow on AVR
* periph/rtt: fix overflow in tick conversion macros
* mtd_flashpage: fix erasure of multiple sectors
* mtd_spi_nor: cleanup & bug fixes

Documentation
-------------
+ README: Add merge-chance badge
+ riotboot: add basic porting guide
+ emulators: add emulators documentation in Doxygen
+ SECURITY.md: Add initial security policy
* generate-changelog: add support for point releases
* add Docker info to doxygen
* drivers/netdev: Clarify documentation
* README.md: move tapsetup section to documentation
* native: Improve Documentation
* CONTRIBUTING: cleanup and reorganize
* core/msg_bus: enhace documentation

> * cpu/stm32: rewrite clock configuration documentation

Author: nice to see this annotations here :)

* gh-actions/release-test: bump ssh-agent to v0.4.1

Testing
-------
+ tests/mpu_stack_guard: add automatic test script
+ tests/mtd_raw: add simple test for MTD
* treewide: cleanup ENABLE_DEBUG
* release-tests: fix artifact naming and steps cleanup for matrix build
* tests/sys_atomic_utils_unittests: spice up test
* tests/unittests: split out atomic_utils unittests
* sys/shell: terminate shell on Ctrl-D

Kconfig
-------
+ Modules with support added:
    + drivers/{a, b, c, d, e, f, g, h, i, j}*
    + drivers/ili9341
    + test/periph_*
+ cpu/stm32: add script to generate Kconfig.models and Kconfig.lines files
+ add modules to test on native
+ Clock configuration for:
    + stm32l4
    + stm32l5
    + stm32wb
    + stm32f0
    + stm32g0g4
    + stm32l0l1
    + stm32f1f3
* drivers/rn2xx3 : Kconfig updates.
* MQTT-SN Clients: Kconfig Updates

Examples
--------
+ gnrc_networking: add option to enable DNS
* gnrc_border_route: simplify ZEP setup on native
* suit_update: use interactive sync in test
* gcoap: Allow PUT/POST with empty payload
* suit_update: update IETF draft reference in the README

API Changes
===========
* periph_flashpage: Make pagewise API optional

> * sys/atomic_utils: Use volatile qualifier
> * net/eui_provider: API cleanup
> * sys/atomic_utils: change API to also return previous value

Reviewer 6: Note: `sys/atomic_utils` is new in this release cycle. Shouldn't only API changes compared to the previous release be listed here. If so, those should be dropped.

```suggestion
* net/eui_provider: API cleanup
```

Author: sure! I missed that one.

 - Initial support for Cortex-M33
 - A module for selecting entropy sources
 - Initial support for the Decawave Impulse Radio-Ultra Wideband (UWB Core)
 - Capability to join or leave link layer multicast groups (GNRC)
 - Support for IN865 region in GNRC LoRaWAN
 - 83 additional modules supported by Kconfig
 - 14 new boards, 6 new device drivers, 8 packages updated

In order to improve community interaction, during this release cycle we started
to migrate from a mailing-list-based communication to forum-based
communication. We are proud to present the RIOT-OS forum available at
forum.riot-os.org

533 pull requests, composed of 1440 commits, have been merged since the
last release, and 65 issues have been solved. 58 people contributed with
code in 119 days. 3852 files have been touched with 348619 (+) insertions and
52516 deletions (-).

Notations used below:
=====================

    + means new feature/item
    * means modified feature/item
    - means removed feature/item

New features and changes
========================

Core
----
+ msg_bus: allow to differ between messages form bus and from thread
+ mutex: Add mutex_cancel
+ mbox: add mbox_size(), mbox_avail()

> * mutex: compatibility with non-C languages

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
```

This was a bug fix to an issue that popped up during the development of the release cycle. Compared to old releases, compatibility with non-C languages remained identical. I think it might be less confusing to just drop this.

Author: removed :)

In order to improve community interaction, during this release cycle there was
some work to migrate from a mailing list based communication to forum-based
communication. We are proud to present the RIOT-OS forum available at

> forum.riot-os.org

Reviewer 4: Why remove the `https://`?

Author: just to be consistent with the other links (e.g irc.freenode.net, etc)

Author: is it ok?
